[FLINK-22177][table-api/doc] Add docs for time functions and time zone support (#15634)
apache/flink: docs/content.zh/docs/dev/table/concepts/timezone.md

Flink SQL> SELECT PROCTIME();
```
```
+----+-------------------------+
| op |                  EXPR$0 |
+----+-------------------------+
| +I | 2021-04-15 22:48:34.567 |
+----+-------------------------+
```
```sql
Flink SQL> CREATE TABLE src (
             a INT,
             b DOUBLE,
             proctime as PROCTIME()
           ) WITH (
             'connector' = 'kafka',
             ...);
Flink SQL>  SELECT 
                TUMBLE_START(proctime, INTERVAL '0.003' SECOND),
                TUMBLE_END(proctime, INTERVAL '0.003' SECOND),
                TUMBLE_PROCTIME(proctime, INTERVAL '0.003' SECOND),
                COUNT(a),
                SUM(b)
            FROM src
            GROUP BY TUMBLE(proctime, INTERVAL '0.003' SECOND);
 -- the TUMBLE_START    column will be close to 2021-04-15 22:48:34.567, the type of TUMBLE_START    column is TIMESTAMP
 -- the TUMBLE_END      column will be close to 2021-04-15 22:48:34.570, the type of TUMBLE_END      column is TIMESTAMP      
 -- the TUMBLE_PROCTIME column will be close to 2021-04-15 22:48:34.570, the type of TUMBLE_PROCTIME column is TIMESTAMP_LTZ      
          
```

### Event Time Attribute and Time Zone

> Flink supports defining event time attribute on TIMESTAMP column and TIMESTAMP_LTZ column. It's recommended to defining event time attribute on TIMESTAMP column if the data source contains TIMESTAMP literal.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flink supports defining event time attribute on TIMESTAMP column and TIMESTAMP_LTZ column. 
If the timestamp data in the source is represented as year-month-day-hour-minute-second, usually a string value without time-zone information, e.g. `2020-04-15 20:13:40.564`, it's recommended to define the event time attribute as a `TIMESTAMP` column:  
```

```sql
Flink SQL> CREATE TABLE src (
             ts TIMESTAMP(3), -- TIMESTAMP DataType
             a INT,
             b DOUBLE,
             WATERMARK FOR ts AS ts - INTERVAL '0.001' SECOND
           ) WITH (
             'connector' = 'kafka',
                          ...);
Flink SQL>  SELECT
                TUMBLE_START(ts, INTERVAL '0.003' SECOND), 
                TUMBLE_END(ts, INTERVAL '0.003' SECOND),
                TUMBLE_ROWTIME(ts, INTERVAL '0.003' SECOND),
                COUNT(a),
                SUM(b)
            FROM src
            GROUP BY TUMBLE(ts, INTERVAL '0.003' SECOND); 
 -- the TUMBLE_START    column will be close to ts,                           the type of TUMBLE_START    column is TIMESTAMP
 -- the TUMBLE_END      column will be close to ts + INTERVAL '0.003' SECOND, the type of TUMBLE_END      column is TIMESTAMP      
 -- the TUMBLE_ROWTIME  column will be close to ts + INTERVAL '0.002' SECOND, the type of TUMBLE_ROWTIME  column is TIMESTAMP                 
```

> If the data source contains long epoch time, it's recommended to defining event time attribute on TIMESTAMP_LTZ.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the timestamp data in the source is represented as a epoch time, usually a long value, e.g. `1618989564564`, it's recommended to define event time attribute as a `TIMESTAMP_LTZ` column.  
```
